## Stand Alone Prompts

Prompts that the agent execute - follow the instructions which prompts to be executed. If nothing provided - execute only one prompt - the first not executed and stop. When a given prompt is executed, the checkbox in front of it should be marked. Changing the checkbox to `- [x]` is **the only change you are allowed to do**. Never change anything else than marking a checkbox! 

 - [x] [P01] The file `scripts/build.py` is too long and complicated with scripts incorporated as string variables. In that way the scripts can not be verified. Create the implied scripts inside as stand alone scripst in `scripts` and make `scripts/build.py` to copy them during the build instead. In that way the scripts will be able to be modified and troubleshoot in easier way. 
  
 - [x] [P02] Some markdown files are used only once as templates for seeding during installation. Still they are kept in `.rdd/templates` in installed already version forever without change or use. For example `.rdd/templates/config.json`, `.rdd/templates/data-model.md`, `.rdd/templates/requirements.md`, `.rdd/templates/tech-spec.md`, `.rdd/templates/settings.json`. Chech if I am right that these are not referred in scripts in `.rdd/scripts` or in prompts in `.github/prompts` after initial setup. For those markdowns listed which are really not used after initial setup - move them in `templates` folder and change `scripts/build.py` and `.rdd/scripts/rdd.py` so build.py to create the folder .rdd-docs during the installation with those templates copied there, instead of this to happen during execution of the command `python .rdd/scripts/rdd.py change create` in `.github/prompts/rdd.01-initiate.prompt.md` prompt. During `.rdd/scripts/rdd.py change create` execution can remain check if the files exist and notification to the user if not, but not seeding them - it should be expected that they exist after the installation.

 - [x] [P03] The script `scripts/build.py` contains as a string variable the README markdown file which should be included in the zip file. In that way the markdown can not be verified, troubeshooted. Create the markdown as a stand alone file in `templates` and make `scripts/build.py` to copy it during the build instead. In that way the markdown will be able to be modified and troubleshoot in easier way. 
 
 - [ ] [P04] <PROMPT-PLACEHOLDER>

 - [ ] [P05] <PROMPT-PLACEHOLDER>