## Stand Alone Prompts

Prompts that the agent execute - follow the instructions which prompts to be executed. If nothing provided - execute only one prompt - the first not executed and stop. When a given prompt is executed, the checkbox in front of it should be marked. Changing the checkbox to `- [x]` is **the only change you are allowed to do**. Never change anything else than marking a checkbox! 

 - [x] [P01] When creating a fix branch with prompt `.github/prompts/rdd.01-initiate.prompt.md`, do not create file `.rdd-docs/workspace/.current-change` but instead create an empty file with name following the naming convention ".rdd.[fix|enh].<put-name-of-the-branch>" based on the chosen branch type and branch name. For the purpose change the respective scripts in `.rdd/scripts`, do not change the text of `.github/prompts/rdd.01-initiate.prompt.md`. Also remove the functionality to be creared a file `.rdd-docs/workspace/requirements-changes.md`. Also instead of just copying the file `.rdd/templates/copilot-prompts.md`, rename it in `.rdd-docs/workspace` to `.rdd-docs/workspace/.rdd.copilot-prompts.md`
  
 - [x] [P02] Execution of `.github/prompts/rdd.08-wrap-up.prompt.md` didn't moved to archive and removed all the files from `.rdd-docs/workspace` but only some. Troubleshoot and find the reason. After that - fix it.

 - [x] [P03] Find what causes in the scripts in `.rdd/scripts` so the prompt `.github/prompts/rdd.01-initiate.prompt.md` to craete files `.rdd-docs/clarity-checklist.md` and `.rdd-docs/version-control.md`? Remove this functionality
 
 - [ ] [P04] <PROMPT-PLACEHOLDER>

 - [ ] [P05] <PROMPT-PLACEHOLDER>