## Stand Alone Prompts

Prompts that the agent execute - follow the instructions which prompts to be executed. If nothing provided - execute only one prompt - the first not executed and stop. When a given prompt is executed, the checkbox in front of it should be marked. Changing the checkbox to `- [x]` is **the only change you are allowed to do**. Never change anything else than marking a checkbox! 

 - [x] [P01] Analyze what is the meaning of asking the user to provide description of the change when executing `.github/prompts/rdd.01-initiate.prompt.md` and what will be the impact if the description question is removed. Check the scripts and provide details where this description, provided by the user is used after that. Do not change the code - just provide analysis. 
  
 - [x] [P02] Read the `.rdd-docs/workspace/P01-implementation.md` and remove the description question from the current python scripts. On top - improve the menu for questioning so to be visually appealing and nice looking for the user.

 - [x] [P03] Remove the logging in `.rdd-docs/workspace/log.jsonl` during execution of `.github/prompts/rdd.06-execute.prompt.md`. Logging is not needed anymore as implementation file is actually created. See how it is implemented in `.rdd/scripts/rdd.py` and `.rdd/scripts/rdd_utils.py` and make the change so this log to stop to be produced in `.rdd-docs/workspace` folder. All the other functionality should remain unchanged.
 
 - [ ] [P04] <PROMPT-PLACEHOLDER>

 - [ ] [P05] <PROMPT-PLACEHOLDER>