## Stand Alone Prompts

Prompts that the agent execute - follow the instructions which prompts to be executed. If nothing provided - execute only one prompt - the first not executed and stop. When a given prompt is executed, the checkbox in front of it should be marked. Changing the checkbox to `- [x]` is **the only change you are allowed to do**. Never change anything else than marking a checkbox! 

 - [x] [P01] After the last changes, part of the test is `tests` are not valid anymore. Analyse deeply the current tests vs the scripts in `.rdd/scripts` and `scripts`. Modify the tests so to reflect the reality. Also update the file `tests/README.md` and include a new section with list of all tests, what they are testing and how.
  
 - [x] [P02] After the last changes, part of the test is `tests` are not valid anymore. Analyse deeply the current tests vs the scripts in `.rdd/scripts` and `scripts`. Modify the tests so to reflect the reality. Also update the file `tests/README.md` and include a new section with list of all tests, what they are testing and how. Check the failure of tests in github in `.rdd-docs/workspace/logs_49447723926` and find why. Fix whatever needed to be fixed so tests to pass in github.
 
 - [x] [P03] Remove log_prompt_execution from the code and from the menu in `.rdd/scripts/rdd.py` and `.rdd/scripts/rdd_utils.py`. Remove the entry in the menu. The log.jsonl should not be generated anymore.

 - [x] [P05] In the menu and as names of the procedures in `.rdd/scripts/rdd.py` and `.rdd/scripts/rdd_utils.py` for git operations is used main as representation of the default branch. For example: merge_main_into_current, fetch_main, compare_with_main and so on. These commands actually are working with the default branch from config file. Analyze and fix this misleading naming. Be careful not to change the places were the name "main" is properly used. Update '.rdd/scripts/scripts-catalogue.md' as well in accordance.
  
 - [x] [P06] The main goal of the RDD framework is the convenience to the developer to use AI for creation of their product. With the time the scripts `.rdd/scripts/rdd.py` and `.rdd/scripts/rdd_utils.py` described by `.rdd/scripts/scripts-catalogue.md` became too complex and with unnecesary and not used code anymore. The menu displayed from `.rdd/scripts/rdd.py` contains a lot of options with unclear meaning and functionality. Simplify it. The process should be the following - the user user opens `.rdd/scripts/rdd.py` and the framework menu is displayed with the following options and functionality for each of them, giving the possibility the user to choose what to execute:
      1. **Complete current itteration:** The framework checks if this is the default branch. If it is - notifies the user and stops - the current branch is not supposed to be committed directly - stop and inform + provide option to go back to the menu. The framework checks if the workspace folder is empty. If it is empty - notifies the user and stops. If not empty, the framework checks if this is the default branch. For the name of the archive folder uses the name of the branch (replacing "/" or "\" or other not suitable for a folder symbols with '-'). Creates such archive sub-folder in `.rdd-docs/archive` and moves all the files and folders from `.rdd-docs/workspace` to the folder of the archive created. The framework commits the changes with message "Completing work on <branch-name>". After that checks the option if the repo is local only. If not - asks the user if they want to push the branch to remote. If the answer is positive - pushes the current branch and remind the user that they should do pull request in github. And finally - checkouts to the default branch.
      2. **Create new itteration:** The framework checks if this is the default branch and if not - informs user first to checkout to the default and stop. If it is - asks the user for name of the new branch, creates it from the default and checkouts to it. Then populates the workspace with a copy of `.rdd/templates/copilot-prompts.md`. 
      3. **Delete merged branches:** The framework fetches and pulls all the branches. The framework lists the branches with are already merged entirely in the default branch. Asks the user which of them to be deleted. Then deletes locally these branches. Checks if the repo option is local only. If not - tries to delete from remote as well.
      4. **Update from default :** The framework fetches and pulls the default branch. Merges the default branch to the current branch in case the current if not the default, otherwiwe - stops.

 - [x] [P07] Review the tests in `tests` if they still correspond properly the scripts after P06 changes. Modify whatever is needed. Replace the file `tests/README.md` with `tests/test-spec.md` where in detail are described all the tests - what they are testing, how the test is executed.
  
 - [x] [P08] Order the options in the menu in that way:
    - "Create new iteration",
    - "Update from default",
    - "Complete current iteration",
    - "Delete merged branches",
    - "Exit"