## Stand Alone Prompts

Prompts that the agent execute - follow the instructions which prompts to be executed. If nothing provided - execute only one prompt - the first not executed and stop. When a given prompt is executed, the checkbox in front of it should be marked. Changing the checkbox to `- [x]` is **the only change you are allowed to do**. Never change anything else than marking a checkbox! 

 - [x] [P01] Create rdd.bat file in `scripts` folder which is intended to be installed by `scripts/install.py` in the root folder of the project and should start `.rdd/scripts/rdd.py` in a terminal. This bat file will be used from Windows users for click and run of the RDD menu based app. Also create .sh bash shell file in `scripts` folder which is intended to be installed by `scripts/install.py` in the root folder of the project and should start `.rdd/scripts/rdd.py` in a terminal. This rdd.sh file will be used from Linux users for click and run of the RDD menu based app. Change `scripts/install.py` so to detect in what type of OS it installs and to copy in the root folder of the project (the target folder for installation) either rdd.bat or rdd.sh respectively. Add commands to make the file executable (especially for Linux).
  
 - [ ] [P02] <PROMPT-PLACEHOLDER>

 - [ ] [P03] <PROMPT-PLACEHOLDER>
 
 - [ ] [P04] <PROMPT-PLACEHOLDER>

 - [ ] [P05] <PROMPT-PLACEHOLDER>
  
 ## Recommended Prompts

 - [x] [R01] Update the tests accordingly the changes in `.rdd-docs/workspace/.rdd.copilot-prompts.md` and the implementation files in `.rdd-docs/workspace` folder.


