## Stand Alone Prompts

Prompts that the agent execute - follow the instructions which prompts to be executed. If nothing provided - execute only one prompt - the first not executed and stop. When a given prompt is executed, the checkbox in front of it should be marked. Changing the checkbox to `- [x]` is **the only change you are allowed to do**. Never change anything else than marking a checkbox! 

 - [x] [P01] Scripts `scripts/install.ps1` and `scripts/install.sh` cause ton of issues. Remove them from everywhere - especially from tests here `tests`, from`README.md`. Simplify the instruction for installation in `README.md` so to be issued a Python command (specify for Linux and Windows), which to make the installation only running `scripts/install.py`. Check if there is usefull functionality in `scripts/install.ps1` and `scripts/install.sh` which is not in `scripts/install.py`. The test in `tests` should be changed so not to rely on `scripts/run-tests.ps1` and `scripts/run-tests.sh` but on a new script `scripts/run-tests.py`, which should replace the .ps1 and .sh run test scripts. The tests should test only `scripts/install.py`. 
  
 - [x] [P02] Modify `.github/workflows/tests.yml` to execute only `scripts/run-tests.py` and not .ps1 or .sh test scripts

 - [x] [P03] Manually executed: Remove backlog.md file. Remove init_rdd_docs function from rdd.py. Move to `scripts` the script `setup-test-env.py`
 
 - [x] [P04] Check scripts in `.rdd/scripts`. As the name of the branch already is not mandatory to start with "fix/" or "enh/", the logic of verification of the correct branch during wrap up should be changed. The rule should be that the branch should not be the default one (detected in the script), or not "main" or "master". Everything else is OK.

 - [ ] [P05] <PROMPT-PLACEHOLDER>