## Stand Alone Prompts

Prompts that the agent execute - follow the instructions which prompts to be executed. If nothing provided - execute only one prompt - the first not executed and stop. When a given prompt is executed, the checkbox in front of it should be marked. Changing the checkbox to `- [x]` is **the only change you are allowed to do**. Never change anything else than marking a checkbox! 

 - [x] [P01] Bug: During the build the version is extracted from a variable defined in `.rdd/scripts/rdd.py` which is wrong. The version should be taken from `.rdd-docs/config.json`. Check if some other parts in build takes the wrong version as well and fix. Remove the code in `scripts/build.py` which takes the version from .py scripts and rely only on `.rdd-docs/config.json`
  
 - [x] [P02] In `.rdd/scripts/rdd.py` is defined variable RDD_VERSION. In the future, when new versions are created, this variable will become obsolete if forgotten to be modified. In order not to cause confusion - it needs to be removed. Check if it is used at all and if not - remove it.

 - [x] [P03] Create tests for the framework in a new directory `tests` with proper organization. Tests for the scripts in `.rdd/scripts` and `scripts` should be created. Create appropriate folder structure in 'tests' folder. The tests should be run in a such way that do not corrupt the existing code. The tests should be appropriate for the type of code in each script - e.g. the testing of .ps1 should be accordingly PowerShell. Create a github action which run tests both in Windows and Linux environment and run respective scripts in their appropriate environments.
 
 - [x] [P04] Create Python virtual environment `.venv` in this repo and install the needed for the tests requirements. Modify the files related to tests (see the previous prompt) so to use this environment. The build should not include tests or creation of virtual environment in the release files. The setup of the virtual environment should be such that if a `.venv` already exists, it should remain and only the needed for the tests additional libraries should be installed, not disrupting the currently installed libraries.

 - [x] [P05] Create in `scripts` a bash script which executes all the tests appropriate for Linux. Create a ps.1 script which executes all the tests appropriate for Windows. Let github activities use these new scripts whenever appropriate.
  
 - [x] [P06] Run tests and fix the bugs for the failed tests