## Stand Alone Prompts

Prompts that the agent execute - follow the instructions which prompts to be executed. If nothing provided - execute only one prompt - the first not executed and stop. When a given prompt is executed, the checkbox in front of it should be marked. Changing the checkbox to `- [x]` is **the only change you are allowed to do**. Never change anything else than marking a checkbox! 

 - [x] [P01] Change `.github/prompts/rdd.01-initiate.prompt.md` and `.rdd/scripts/rdd.py` so the choice if it should be enhancement or fix to be made from the script, not from the prompt. So, the python script should provide to the user a good looking and visually appealing menu options to choose from using keystrokes (arrows) and space or enter for selection. Keep the option for enhancement but do not show it in the menu (as it is not ready yet - will reviel it on a later stage)
  
 - [x] [P02] The prompt `.github/prompts/rdd.01-initiate.prompt.md` executes command `python .rdd/scripts/rdd.py change create` which expects to be on the default branch. But currently the default branch functionality searches for exactly main or master. I want now to change the default branch to some other branch in my repo. And I want this to be configurable. Make an analysis for the best practices according to the current situation of the scripts in `.rdd/scripts` and the prompts in `.github/prompts`.

 - [x] [P03] Read the analysis in `.rdd-docs/workspace/P02-implementation.md` and create a plan taking only option "Option 2: Local Configuration File (.rddrc or .rdd.config.json)", but the file `config.json` should be placed in `.rdd-docs`. Also a there should be created file `config.json` in the `.rdd/templates` folder from where the installation script to copy it in .rdd-docs (as it does for requirements.md for example). The installation script should prompt the user to choose the branch from/to which the change branches to be created/merged (to provide in the menu options to be chosen from main, dev or to be manually entered) and the installation script should populate the content of `config.json` in `.rdd-docs`
 
 - [ ] [P04] <PROMPT-PLACEHOLDER>

 - [ ] [P05] <PROMPT-PLACEHOLDER>