## Stand Alone Prompts

Prompts that the agent execute - follow the instructions which prompts to be executed. If nothing provided - execute only one prompt - the first not executed and stop. When a given prompt is executed, the checkbox in front of it should be marked. Changing the checkbox to `- [x]` is **the only change you are allowed to do**. Never change anything else than marking a checkbox! 

 - [x] [P01] Review `.rdd/scripts/rdd.py`. Change so when executed to display itterative menu navigatable with keyboard arrows, welection with space or enter. The menu should contain all the options the script provides with possibility the user to select an option, to follwo the instructions and at the end to return back to the menu. The loop ends only when the user chooses "Exit" from the menu. The menu should be visually appealing, nice collors and ASCII art. Menu can have submenus and navigation from "page" to "page". It should have well formed fields for free text entry when needed from the user. Also should have Help section. On top of the operations with arrows and space/Enter, provide key shortcuts. In general - apply all the modern approaches for excellent looking terminal app. The menu should cover all the operations, which are allowed with options. When selecting an option from the initial list, now it just shows help. I want really to ask me for my choices and to run the functionality when I confirm. Elaborate much more. And do not change the look and feel of the menu between the pages. Revise the itteration with the user in all sub-functions and options and integrate with the main menu. Use Colors.CYAN, yellow, green, red, blue. Check also the `.rdd/scripts/rdd_utils.py` script and all print_banner calls.

 - [x] [P02] Bugfixing. Check the navigation of the terminal menu. When I press down arrow, instead of going to the next menu item, I am entering the option and in that way I can not choose anything else than the first option. When entering the first option (Branch Operations), the arrows are working. But when choose Create Branch suboption - it goes away from the menu and shows me some other (legacy) terminal messages. Everything should be made via the new menu.
 
 - [x] [P03] Bugfixing. When I navigate to some option and choose it - for example 7 - Help & Documentation, it exits the menu, shows me the result of the command and when I return back to the menu, the down arrow became to not work correctly - enters the submenu instead of navigating the options. Check carefully the code for menu navigation. Entering a menu should happen only when I press space or enter, not by pressing arrows. Arrows should be only for navigation. Showing a result of a command (which replces the menu on the scteen temporarely), should not brake the menu when returning to it. Test the navigation functionality yourself before deciding you are done.

 - [x] [P04] Replace the ASCII navigational meny with a simplified version where the menu is represented just as options with numbers and each time the user is asked to press a number for their choice or to enter text. The menu choices themselves to be kept as they are now. Make it simple but make sure it works without errors. Test it rigorously yourself before declaring it is done. Be careful to change only the menu, not the actual functionality of `.rdd/scripts/rdd.py` or `.rdd/scripts/rdd_utils.py`
  
 - [x] [P05] Modify the whole application so to be able to work on local git repos without github remote. This option to be configurable in config.json and the user to be asked during the installation if they prefer this option. In case of the local only - all the prompts should work as in remote option with exception - remote operations are skipped.
  
 - [x] [P06] Modify the build so to display to the user the current version and to ask if an increament of the version number should be made (the last digit only, the major numbers should be maintained manually). If the user choose same number to be used - recreate the files with the same version id. If choose to be incremented - update `.rdd-docs/config.json` and create a build accordingly the new version number.
